Add migration document re differences between PER-CS v1.0 and PER-CS v2.0 (#82)
php-fig/per-coding-style: migration-2.0.md

# Migrating from PER-CS v1.0 (PSR-12) to PER-CS v2.0 ###

## Summary

PER-CS is the next evolution of the PSR set of Coding Standards from the
PHP-FIG (Framework Interoperability Group). It extends the Coding Standards
laid out in PSR-12 to the newest functionality added to PHP such as the match

> keyword, enums, attributes and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
keyword, enums, attributes, and more.
```

This document describes the changes and additions on a section by section
basis between PER-CS v2.0 and PER-CS v1.0 (which is a direct equivalent of 
PSR12 with very minor changes).

> It is derived in part from [a GitHub generated changelog](https://github.com/php-fig/per-coding-style/compare/1.0.0...2.0.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is derived in part from [a GitHub-generated changelog](https://github.com/php-fig/per-coding-style/compare/1.0.0...2.0.0)
```

> It is derived in part from [a GitHub-generated changelog](https://github.com/php-fig/per-coding-style/compare/1.0.0...2.0.0)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is derived in part from [a GitHub-generated diff](https://github.com/php-fig/per-coding-style/compare/1.0.0...2.0.0#files_bucket)
```

and focuses on the changes in a section-by-section basis as it's focus is to be more readable.

> The intent of this document is to provide a summary of these changes that can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document intends to provide a summary of these changes that can
```

[abstract|final] [public|protected|private] [static] [readonly]
[type] name

Furthermore all keywords must be on a single line and MUST be separated
by a single space.

## [Section 4.7 - Method and Function Calls](https://www.php-fig.org/per/coding-style/#47-method-and-function-calls)

If using named arguments, there MUST NOT be a space between the argument name and colon, 
and there MUST be a single space between the colon and the argument value.

Method chaining MAY be put on separate lines, where each subsequent line is indented once. When doing so, the first method MUST be on the next line.

## [Section 4.8 - Function Callable References](https://www.php-fig.org/per/coding-style/#48-function-callable-references)

Function callable references - there must not be whitespace surrounding the '...' operator ()

## [Section 5.2 - Switch, Case, Match](https://www.php-fig.org/per/coding-style/#52-switch-case-match)

The match keyword is now covered.

## [Section 7.1 - Short Closures](https://www.php-fig.org/per/coding-style/#71-short-closures)

A new subsection about Short Closures.

As with standard closures, 'fn' must not be succeeded by a space.

> The '=>' symbol MUST be preceeded and succeeded by a space. (No leading or trailing spaces)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The '=>' symbol MUST be preceded and succeeded by a space (No leading or trailing spaces).
```

This is a new section.

Arrays MUST be declared using the short array syntax.
Arrays MUST follow the trailing comma guidelines.

Array declarations MAY be split across multiple lines, where each
subsequent line is indented once. When doing so, the first value in the
array MUST be on the next line, and there MUST be only one value per line.

When the array declaration is split across multiple lines, the opening
bracket MUST be placed on the same line as the equals sign. 

The closing bracket MUST be placed on the next line after the last value. 

There MUST NOT be more than one value assignment per line. 

Value assignments MAY use a single line or multiple lines.

## [Section 12 - Attributes](https://www.php-fig.org/per/coding-style/#12-attributes)

This is a new section.

Attribute names MUST immediately follow the opening attribute block indicator #[ with no space.

If an attribute has no arguments, the () MUST be omitted.

The closing attribute block indicator ] MUST follow the last character
of the attribute name or the closing ) of its argument list, with no
preceding space.

The construct #[...] is referred to as an "attribute block" in this document.

> Attributes on classes, methods, functions, constants and properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attributes on classes, methods, functions, constants, and properties
```

> MUST be placed on their own line, immediately prior to the structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MUST be placed on their own line, immediately before the structure
```

being described.

For attributes on parameters, if the parameter list is presented on a
single line, the attribute MUST be placed inline with the parameter it
describes, separated by a single space. If the parameter list is split
into multiple lines for any reason, the attribute MUST be placed on its

> own line prior to the parameter, indented the same as the parameter. If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
own line before the parameter, indented the same as the parameter. If
```

the parameter list is split into multiple lines, a blank line MAY be
included between one parameter and the attributes of the following

> parameter in order to aid readability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parameter to aid readability.
```

If a function or method contains no statements or comments (such as an empty
no-op implementation or when using constructor property promotion), then the
body SHOULD be abbreviated as {} and placed on the same line as the previous
symbol, separated by a space.
So, for a method of a subclass that does nothing:

```php
<?php
class SubClass extends BaseClass
{
    protected function init() {}
}
```

## [Section 4.6 - Modifier Keywords](https://www.php-fig.org/per/coding-style/#46-modifier-keywords)

Modifier keywords are keywords that alter how PHP handles classes,
properties and methods.

These keywords MUST BE ordered as follows:

[abstract|final] [public|protected|private] [static] [readonly] [type] name

Furthermore, all keywords must be on a single line and MUST be separated
by a single space.

## [Section 4.7 - Method and Function Calls](https://www.php-fig.org/per/coding-style/#47-method-and-function-calls)

If using named arguments, there MUST NOT be a space between the argument name and the colon, 
and there MUST be a single space between the colon and the argument value.

> Method chaining MAY be put on separate lines, where each subsequent line is indented once. When doing so, the first method MUST be on the next line.

Reviewer 3: Example(s) for this section?

## [Section 4.8 - Function Callable References](https://www.php-fig.org/per/coding-style/#48-function-callable-references)

Function callable references - there must not be whitespace surrounding the '...' operator ()

## [Section 5.2 - Switch, Case, Match](https://www.php-fig.org/per/coding-style/#52-switch-case-match)

> The match keyword is now covered.

Reviewer 3: Example of match, for consistency?
